from mathew subject alt atheism faq overview for new readers archive name atheism overview alt atheism archive name overview last modified 0 april 1993
version: 1.3 overview welcome to alt.atheism and alt.atheism.moderated. this is the first in a series of regular postings aimed at new readers of the
newsgroups. many groups of a 'controversial' nature have noticed that new readers often
come up with the same questions, mis-statements or misconceptions and post
them to the net. in addition, people often request information which has
been posted time and time again. in order to try and cut down on this, the
alt.atheism groups have a series of five regular postings under the following
titles: 1. alt.atheism faq: overview for new readers 2. alt.atheism faq: introduction to atheism 3. alt.atheism faq: frequently asked questions (faq) 4. alt.atheism faq: constructing a logical argument 5. alt.atheism faq: atheist resources this is article number 1. please read numbers 2 and 3 before posting. the
others are entirely optional. if you are new to usenet, you may also find it helpful to read the newsgroup
news.announce.newusers. the articles titled "a primer on how to work with
the usenet community", "answers to frequently asked questions about usenet"
and "hints on writing style for usenet" are particularly relevant. questions
concerning how news works are best asked in news.newusers.questions. if you are unable to find any of the articles listed above, see the "finding
stuff" section below. credits

these files could not have been written without the assistance of the many
readers of alt.atheism and alt.atheism.moderated.  in particular, i'd like to
thank the following people:

kck+@cs.cmu.edu (karl kluge)
 (jim perry)
 (wayne aiken)
 (toby kelsey)
 (jyrki kuoppala)
 (geoff arnold)
 (torkel franzen)
 (george kimeldorf)
 (greg roelofs)
 (ken arromdee)
 (maddi hausmann)
 (john a. johnson)
 (douglas graham)
 (william mayne)
 (andy rosen)
 (achim stoesser)
 (bryan o'sullivan)
 (james j. lippard)
 (s. baum)
 (york h. dobyns)
 (wayne schroeder)
 (j.d. baldwin)
 (dana nibby)
 (richard c. dempsey)
 (john david munch)
 (paul crowley)
 (richard zach)
 (tim chow)
 (simon clippingdale)
 (pekka himanen)

...and countless others i've forgotten.

these articles are free.  truly free.  you may copy them and distribute them
to anyone you wish.  however, please send any changes or corrections to the
author, and please do not re-post copies of the articles to alt.atheism; it
does nobody any good to have multiple versions of the same document floating
around the network.


                                finding stuff

all of the faq files *should* be somewhere on your news system.  here are
some suggestions on what to do if you can't find them:

1. check the newsgroup alt.atheism.  look for subject lines starting with
   "alt.atheism faq:".

2. check the newsgroup news.answers for the same subject lines.

   if you don't find anything in steps 1 or 2, your news system isn't set up
   correctly, and you may wish to tell your system administrator about the
   problem.

3. if you have anonymous ftp access, connect to rtfm.mit.edu [18.70.0.226].
   go to the directory /pub/usenet/alt.atheism, and you'll find the latest
   versions of the faq files there.

   ftp is a a way of copying files between networked computers.  if you
   need help in using or getting started with ftp, send e-mail to
   mail- with

      send usenet/news.answers/ftp-list/faq

   in the body.

4. there are other sites which also carry news.answers postings.  the article
   "introduction to the news.answers newsgroup" carries a list of these
   sites; the article is posted regularly to news.answers.

5. if you don't have ftp, send mail to mail-
   consisting of the following lines:

      send usenet/news.answers/finding-sources
      send usenet/alt.atheism/faq
      send usenet/alt.atheism/introduction
      send usenet/alt.atheism/logic
      send usenet/alt.atheism/resources

5. (penultimate resort)  send mail to mail- consisting of
   the following lines:

      send atheism/faq/faq.txt
      send atheism/faq/logic.txt
      send atheism/faq/intro.txt
      send atheism/faq/resource.txt

   and our poor overworked modems will try and send you a copy of the files.
   there's other stuff, too; interesting commands to try are "help" and
   "send atheism/index".

6. (last resort)  mail , or post an article to the
   newsgroup asking how you can get the faq files.  you should only do this
   if you've tried the above methods and they've failed; it's not nice to
   clutter the newsgroup or people's mailboxes with requests for files.
   it's better than posting without reading the faq, though!  for instance,
   people whose email addresses get mangled in transit and who don't have 
   ftp will probably need assistance obtaining the faq files.


mathew
ÿ